Remove return statement when a redirect is used (#511)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Book-ExtbaseFluid: Documentation/7-Controllers/1-Creating-Controllers-and-Actions.rst

   /**
    * @param Organization $organization The organization the offer belongs to
    * @param Offer $newOffer A fresh Offer object which has not yet been added to the repository
    * @return void
    */

>    public function createAction(Organization $organization, Offer $newOffer) : void

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   public function createAction(Organization $organization, Offer $newOffer): void
```

   {
      $organization->addOffer($newOffer);
      $newOffer->setOrganization($organization);

>       $this->redirect('show', 'Organization', NULL, ['organization' => $organization]);

Reviewer: Maybe also add a [note](https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/docs-how-to-document/main/en-us/WritingReST/Admonitions.html) somewhere close here to mention the fact that this method does not return a response.

This was changed in TYPO3v12:

- https://review.typo3.org/c/Packages/TYPO3.CMS/+/72497
- https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-core/main/en-us/Changelog/12.0/Breaking-96107-DeprecatedFunctionalityRemoved.html

Reviewer 2: @mbrodala can it be merged like that or would you like to change the note?

Reviewer: I'd move the note after the example and add more details about this, e.g. that this is deprecated in v11 and changed in v12.

   /**
    * @param Organization $organization The organization the offer belongs to
    * @param Offer $newOffer A fresh Offer object which has not yet been added to the repository
    * @return void
    */
   public function createAction(Organization $organization, Offer $newOffer): void
   {
      $organization->addOffer($newOffer);
      $newOffer->setOrganization($organization);
      $this->redirect('show', 'Organization', NULL, ['organization' => $organization]);
   }
   
.. note::

>    Redirects do not return anything, that is the reason why the above action returns void. This is going to be change in TYPO3 12 and it has been marked as deprecated. `Breaking: #96107 - Deprecated functionality removed <https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-core/main/en-us/Changelog/12.0/Breaking-96107-DeprecatedFunctionalityRemoved.html/>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The redirect methods do not return any response, any method using them should return `void` accordingly. This has been `deprecated in TYPO3v11 <https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-core/11.5/en-us/Changelog/11.0/Deprecation-92784-ExtbaseControllerActionsMustReturnResponseInterface.html>`__ and was `dropped in TYPO3v12 where every action must return a response now <https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-core/main/en-us/Changelog/12.0/Breaking-96107-DeprecatedFunctionalityRemoved.html>`__.
```
